Sms Integration
1.The software should have feature that allows birthday sms to their members to be sent thier members.
This should be a function that would send the birthday message automatically to the member. so it should pick from the database the members whose birthday is today and send a customized sms to them.
2. The software should have feature that allows sms to be sent to people who visited the church for the first time. 
3. The software should have feature that allows sms to be sent members notifying them of upcoming programs.
Social Media Integration
1. The software should have a feature that allows the user to post upcoming events to their social media outlets, post scriptures or messages

2. This panel should help them see the number of followers on their various handles.

3.Management dashboard. A full-featured management dashboard providing a unified way to have all
important church information in a single location. No more looking for data and records from various applications, storage
and systems. You have the convenience of a centralized database that can be readily
accessible and database will be in the cloud.

4.Statistics and reporting. Eliminate guesswork in managing church operations and have
reports and statistics right at your fingertips. You can view financial reports and get membership
insights and determine where growth factors or where bottlenecks lie so you can work on improving them.
These provide you relevant insights and guide you in making informed decisions.

5.Events management. Big church and community events can be difficult to plan, schedule and put together which
 is why this software feature tools to facilitate booking, monitoring of assets, and tracking of contributions.
There are also communication features to easily inform and update members of any changes in schedule, activities and programs.

6.Church records contain information about births, marriages, deaths, baptisms.In addition to providing names and dates, church records
 can reveal relationships between people and depict a family’s status in the community.